So we had a meme, they put up on the Instagram,
the other day of how every dude whose girlfriend is paying for everything
stands. And it's like a guy standing with his arm deep around the girl, like,
oh, they're waiting in line for things.
Maybe in public, always baby holding her hand.
You can't get my head in the hole, my hand, you know why?
Because he paid the mortgage, my husband, funny as.
So I said, Hey, I said, baby, you want some? He said,
not at all.
Not at all.
He say, not at all, Joe. We bought a sleep number bed. And he was like,
because his knee was missing lung by the sleep number bed.
I'm gonna put it out every night. I'm like. Yeah.
So I had just got a deal with Fox for my TV show. So I'll walk in.
Now I walk into mom sleep number like a real Negro. When they get some money,
give me the best batch you want. Cause I'm going to every night,
13,000 hours sleep number bed.
But I should've known he wasn't going to do because he was his cyst.
Don't get the Metro that split down the middle. You know,
the two matches are separate that just split down the middle.
And now they're time. I want to LC. I got tapped by, Hey,
you want to come to American guest books?
Who's.
Got the harder bedside.
I with you on that mattress to softball down, come over here.
And then we done gave her, we just the middle.
And by the time we get through the mattress, I fell off the bed.
Cause we in the middle of where the whole lap and every time just chips and,
just the remote, my wig.
As Soon as I get my TV show home by me,
imagine that put us back the gap.